1.Write a query which displays the module code and the duration for modules whose duration is less than 6.

Ans:  select modulecode,duration from modules where duration <6;


2.Write a query which will display the BATCHCODE, TRAINERID, COURSECODE, STARTDATE, CAPACITY 
and BATCHSTRENGTH of the batches handled by the trainer KRISHNAN.

Ans:  select batchcode,batches.trainerid,coursecode,startdate,capacity,batchstrength from batches inner join trainers on batches.trainerid = trainers.trainerid and trainers.trainername = 'KRISHNAN';

3.Write a query which displays all the module names of the course code 100.

Ans: select modulename from modules inner join courseandmodules on coursecode = 100 and modules.modulecode = courseandmodules.modulecode;  


4.Write a query which displays the module names and course code for the course code 100.

Ans: select modulename,coursecode from modules inner join courseandmodules on modules.modulecode = courseandmodules.modulecode and coursecode = 100; ;



5."Write a query which will display the number of modules present in the course code 100. 
<br/>
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""

Ans: select count(modulecode) as numOfModules from courseandmodules group by coursecode having coursecode = 100;

6."Write a query which will display all the course code and the number of modules present 
in that particular course.
Hint: display module name count with alias""NumberofModules"""

Ans: select count(modulecode) as numOfModules,coursecode from courseandmodules group by coursecode;

7.Write a query which will display the course title and fees which has the maximum fees.

Ans: select a.title, a.fees from courses a inner join (select  max(fees) as fees from courses ) b on b.fees = a.fees;

8.Write a query which will display the student id, student name, batch code, place and 
phone number of the students who belongs to Batch '3001'.

Ans: select * from students where batchcode = 3001;

9.Write a Query which will display the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number who are from CHENNAI.

Ans: select * from students where place = 'CHENNAI';


10.Write a query which displays the total number of modules which has less than 6 days duration. 
<BR>Hint: display total number of modules with'LESSTHANSIXDAYS' as alias.

Ans: select count(b.modulecode) as LESSTHANSIXDAYS  from (select modulecode  from modules where duration < 6) b;


11.Write a query to display the batch code, course title, start date of the batches for the month of May and year 2012.

Ans: select batchcode,coursecode,startdate from batches  where extract(year from startdate) = 2012 and extract(month from startdate) = 5;



12.Write a query to display courses code, course title, course fees of the courses for which 
no batches/training has been planned in the month of January and year 2012.

Ans: select a.coursecode,title,fees from courses a inner join (select distinct coursecode from batches where not (extract(year from startdate) = 2012 and extract(month from startdate) = 1)) b on b.coursecode = a.coursecode;


13.Write a query which displays the names of all the modules of the course titled 'Oracle DBA'

Ans: select modulename from modules inner join (select distinct modulecode from courseandmodules inner join courses on courseandmodules.coursecode = courses.coursecode and courses.title = 'Oracle DBA') b on b.modulecode = modules.modulecode;


14.Write a Query which displays the student ID, Student name, Batch code, place and phone number 
of the student's who took training from CHENNAI in the year 2012.

Ans: select studentid, studentname, b.batchcode, place, phone from students inner join (select batchcode from batches where extract(year from startdate) = 2012)  b on students.batchcode = b.batchcode and students.place = 'CHENNAI';

15.Write a query which will display the student id, student names who are enrolled for the course code 200?

Ans: select studentid,studentname from students inner join  (select batchcode from batches where coursecode = 100) b on b.batchcode =  students.batchcode; 